---
slug: devlog-0-welcome
title: Dev log 0 - Welcome
authors: kalevski
tags: [devlog]
---

Hi,

Welcome to my first blog post!

My name is [Daniel Kalevski](https://kalevski.dev), Software developer passionate about creating games especially with Phaser.
I started using Phaser before 8 years for creating "Point and Click" games.

Currently, I am proud of the large number of games I have created that are currently being used commercially, and I am also proud that after 8 years of using Phaser and developing games, I am about to release my first indie game.

# What is Phaser Plus ?

I want Phaser Plus to be my contribution to the Phaser community as a way to thank the members for all the help I have received in the past years. My goals for Phaser Plus are to enrich the list of tutorials, plugins, and extensions for Phaser and also to simplify the process of developing games.

Currently, Phaser Plus offers a project creation tool, debugger, an extension for creating isometric games and a guide for building larger projects.

# What is next ?

In the future, I plan to continue developing Phaser Plus and adding more useful features and tools. Some ideas I have for future development include:
 - Split screen feature
 - Tool for creating audio sprites
 - Utilities and helpers for common game features

I hope you find Phaser Plus helpful and that it makes your game development process more efficient and enjoyable. If you have any suggestions or ideas for future development, please don't hesitate to reach out and [let me know](https://github.com/kalevski/phaser-plus/discussions)!